Supports system.zookeeper path IN query. (#20105)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables/zookeeper.md

# system.zookeeper {#system-zookeeper}

The table does not exist if ZooKeeper is not configured. Allows reading data from the ZooKeeper cluster defined in the config.

> The query must have a ‘path’ equality condition in the WHERE clause, or ‘path’ condition in the set in the WHERE clause. This is the path in ZooKeeper for the children that you want to get data for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query must either have a ‘path =’   condition or a `path IN`  condition set with the WHERE clause. This is the path for the children in ZooKeeper  that you want to get data for.
```
